welcome back to discover Wisconsin were
exploring more of Lodi and Lake
Wisconsin some events come and go
throughout the years but the rich
tradition of the Lodi Agricultural Fair
has held true to its roots for almost
150 years it's one of the few remaining
independent fairs left in the state of
Wisconsin totally run by volunteers and
it's just a great fun event
we don't have commercial exhibitors we
have a carnival but other than that we
have other local organizations that have
our food court we have kept it away from
being commercialized as much as possible
and keep it the old-time Country Fair
but everybody just wants to come and
hang out with some we are at the farmer
for a day tent here and so we've got
kids playing in soybeans we've got them
also picking apples and digging for eggs
to showcase the different types of
products here to connect them to their
food here at the Lodi egg fair fund can
be found in all sorts of different ways
in popsicles and winning fish what do
you guys like most about coming here for
the girls I think it's the food and it's
the ride they love the ride so then we
get a chance to go through and see the
animals which is if they get to one of
the things we prided ourselves here at
the Lodi Fair is the fact that you can
walk into a free gate and no matter if
you're two years old or you're 70 years
old you can find something that you want
to do on this fairgrounds my personal
favorite definitely the animals a big
part of agricultural fairs have to do
with the animal sale and auction and I
might just know a thing or two about
that yep that's me showing my Pig at the
Racine County Fair I put my experience
to good use and helped Abby get Pete
ready for show
he really likes getting his grooming
he's liking this it's like a
nice-to-have massage for him Pete's just
hanging out our exhibitors are more than
happy to explain their projects and tell
them about their animals to tell them
what it takes to get them here and what
it takes to take care of them and get
them ready it's a lot of work all the
way from the beginning
I mean you train for like a year you're
like one thing with one animal or more
and you get here and you hope everything
works well and you want the animal to
look it's best from the animals to
another auction tradition
proceeds from the Lodi Agricultural Fair
spy option benefit the local 4-h and
help keep the fair admission free each
year we've been doing the Lord is fair
pie auction for over 13 years now and it
started with humble beginnings the first
year we started it we weren't quite sure
what would happen pie is sold for maybe
twenty-five dollars well this past year
we sold one pie for fifteen hundred
dollars and the average pie sold for
$600 we raised $12,000 Wow
I presented a caramel apple pie and hope
for the best my friend Carla from the
chamber sweeten the deal with some local
products and gift certificates in the
end my pie sold for one thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars so the winner
of the discover Wisconsin pie mr. bud
Shire
no you ready you had to dig pretty deep
in those pockets yeah well you know it's
a great cause and it looks like a great
pie of course we had to sample the
fruits of my labor and so did everyone
else the food and fun doesn't stop there
there's also a grandstand event each
night like the demo derby
it'll get your blood flowing definitely
well why is it so fun well where else
are you gonna go and see two cars run
into each other six or eight cars out
there smashing into each other for 15 20
minutes or until they quit running
basically one of the things that we
really would love to see people come to
the Lodi affair for his family fun you
can join in the fun at Lodi Agricultural
Fair for five days every July and
explore everything that Lodi and Lake
Wisconsin offers year round
you'll be surprised at the amount of
things to do how beautiful this air is
has a natural beauty to it and it draws
people back and really makes you fall in
love with the place from Lake Wisconsin
to Spring Creek Lodi have the hidden
oasis everywhere you look and tons of
fun all right let's see what you got